I do. I have seen it 4-5 times
but I'm not scared.
the way people call it to be.
In short, if there's a ghost
this pointer will start moving.
Hey! Hey!
What is it now?
I'm doing this research
for my novel.
Are you saying it is not true?
- Are you saying it is true?
It may walk. It'll walk.
I have seen it myself.
By the time I woke up,
she was dead.
As though she is near me.
As though she is touching me.
One night, when I woke up,
I saw her on my bed..
You are not scared. Are you?
- No.. No.. Continue..
There is no problem here.
Of course, I have seen her.
But now, I'm used to it.
I even tried talking to her
once. But she didn't respond.
such thoughts
are bound to occur.
"Gotta make it fit
like the rhythm of need."
"Darn straight
but still, of late no will"
Dear, there are few matters
which if you don't know
In our present situation..
Now.. This..
Did you realize it now that we
don't have anyone's support?
Dude!
Take it and go.
Have this.
Come on.
Why is he looking
so serious now?
but hesitant
when it comes to commitment.
Boss! We have been in love
since our school days.
Michael! You say you will
marry only her whenever it be.
You are correct.
Dumb fellow! Foolish monkey!
You idiot! Fool! Stupid dog..
How is it?
- No.
accept me as your better half.
Whole.. Heartedly..
"Even the bamboo tree
will give you a kiss".
Hey, wife!
- Tell me.
"In the flower bed,
you talk about the silence".
"Love... In loneliness,
you gave me love".
"With your love,
I dream a lot in my mind".
"Your life and its music..."
"she is the breeze
and she is the sweet smell".
I must get that parcel.
Hey!
Okay, here. Go home
and give this file to Laskshmi.
What is happening there?
- Come back. Come back.
Why do you put this small girl
through suffering? Very bad.
Priya! Priya! Priya!
What should be done so that
you don't trouble her anymore?
'How?'
Michael!
Home delivery. Be quick.
Sir, I'm on a delivery errand.
If you want, Pandy can..
What happened to him?
Tell me what the matter is.
Stop crying and say
what happened? Speak. Speak up.
"The fresh air uttered
my name and I heard it now".
Sorry, ma'am.
"Cheating..
Cheating.."
Cheating.. Heart is too rough."
Give it to me.
I will put it in the hot bag.
What happened?
"It's shocking; this heart
desires to unite with you."
- Sir! Sir! It's locked
from inside. - Smita!
Sir, I am trapped. - I am
asking you. Who are you?
Oh, no!
Sorry, sir..
Please save me, sir!
I am innocent. Please! Please!
Sir? - The second room
on the right. Did you go?
Open the first draw.
What did you find?
Hey! How did you
get this number?
Did you call on my mobile?
Are you talking to that number?
Please believe, Anu!
I am trapped in a house.
"O, dear! Come on, dear.."
Who is that? Who is that?
- Sir! Sir!
Hey!
We found an intruder inside.
No, sir. He looks like..
He is talking
like a mental case, sir.
Sir, where is Anu?
- Who?
Asking me to keep it inside,
she went upstairs to get cash.
Sir, what had happened
in this house?
How did you enter this place?
- Sir, I'm telling the truth.
What is her name?
You kept repeating a girl's name
again and again.
How are you related to her?
Husband. Recently.
Few days back, we got married.
Sit down.
Sit down!
Murder. She was pregnant
at that time. - No.. No..
Only one bike is standing.
I think that must be his bike.
After doing all this,
why are you crying like a saint?
I'll talk to him.
- Listen to us. - Hey!
Leave him.
Don't, sir..
Don't, sir.. Don't, sir..
Okay. I will.
Where is your bag?
Sir, I think it's that kid who
is troubling your daughter too.
She is the one, sir.
When I addressed her as Nithya
We will decide later
about going into the house.
he started blabbering
and hitting us.
People nearby believe, there are
ghosts in that house.
Both of them grew up
in an orphanage in Madurai.
After that, there has
been no contact from her side.
Hey! There are people
who even kill infants. And you..
Listen.
First, get out of that room.
Around 10.30? At that time,
there was a sudden breeze.
Anything else, ma'am?
Thanks!
Her evil spirit is furious
Whatever happened until now
and whatever is happening
I can go. But I don't go
anywhere after 8 p.m.
Don't cry.
Nothing will happen.
Hello!
- Hey! How are you?
Hey! Don't joke.
- Listen.
If not for ourselves,
at least, for our baby, Mike!
If I get caught?
Smita bungalow.
Say something and handle them.
First, let's leave from here.
I will come by bus or by train.
Are you safe? Okay.
I need to go.
"You are searching
for something."
"Only love can quench
the thirst."
Do not worry. Nothing would
have happened to Anu.
Take care. I love you. Bye!
- Me too.
"The heart is thinking."
"Will it help?"
Okay.
The place we are standing
right now is the one
where a big fire accident
had taken place in 1997
killing 17 people.
That is, in front of
J.K.L. Polytechnic college.
14 years since that incident
took place
the college has remained closed.
No one passes by this college.
After that fire accident,
the residents in the nearby area
say that there are ghosts
roaming around this college.
One minute.
He's the only person who has
got the guts to talk about it.
Yes, Mr. Perumal.
Don't you believe in ghosts?
I do. I have seen it 4-5 times
but I'm not scared.
I was an attender
in this very college.
So, this college, which
the whole town is scared of
is where
we are going to stay tonight.
We are going to stay back and
find out if it's really haunted
the way people call it to be.
Careful.
Come, let us go upstairs.
What is this?
- What is this?
This is the library.
Thousands of books
got burnt down.
These are the remnants.
This is where the students got
burnt down on that fateful day.
What is this?
- This is EM Spiter.
What is that?
In short, if there's a ghost
this pointer will start moving.
Is it so?
- Yes.
When this pointer moves,
if we take
a photo or a video, we'll know
for sure if there is a ghost.
That is why, I'm roaming
around with this in my hand.
Buddy, is the pointer moving?
No.
Ask them to come over.
Then it'll move.
Come on boys. Smart boys.
If you are scared,
get four more people with you.
Buddy, don't fool around.
You'll do something and go away.
Sir, be quiet. You've
only been giving a build up
since the time we've come here.
No one is to be seen here.
Is second Saturday an holiday?
Buddy, don't fool around.
I'm leaving. Come, let us leave.
Whom are you calling a coward?
- It is you.
From the time we've come
you are not allowing us to work.
The pointer is moving.
It felt like a breeze.
We know that someone is here.
We have been waiting for you
since a long time.
All of us have come to see you.
What is this? He's talking
as if it's his neighbor.
Be quiet. You have seen
only four or five of them.
Shut up and be quiet.
Can we stay here?
Or should we leave?
Let us know if we must leave.
Give us some signal or come
and stand in front of us.
Otherwise, we'll...
- Hey! Did you hear that sound?
- Yes.
Perhaps, the sound was caused
by these fallen sticks.
It is not that.
There was some other sound.
Such sounds can't be taken
as a signal.
Else, we're going to stay here.
- Hey!
Where?
- To the right of Muthu.
It went to the left.
In this corner.
Rewind.
Oh, no!
It has gone through that door.
Let us leave, buddy.
Buddy, listen to me.
- Keep quiet. - Leave it, buddy.
Hey, look here.
All of you be alert.
I'll kick open now.
Hey, give it.
Get lost!
Loose!
It got over.
Hey! Hey!
What is it now?
Could a frightening ghost
have been there in that room?
Right? I see that daily.
I am bored.
Hey!
- Get lost!
Go.
It is a bit too much.
You changed it
right at the last moment.
Will it come out of the TV
and catch hold of you? Coward!
Hey, is this a house?
It is as if you are studying to
be a professional ghost hunter.
Ghost books, DVDs and programs
are lying all over the place.
At times, I doubt
if I'm in love with a ghost.
I've told you 100 times, I'm not
doing all this for time pass.
I'm doing this research
for my novel.
You keep saying this.
You are writing a lousy novel.
For that,
do you need such a build up?
Hey, one day my novel
will get published
and grab all the awards
available. Wait and watch.
Seriously..
Whatever you saw on TV just now,
is it true?
Are you saying it is not true?
- Are you saying it is true?
Will any ghost come
and walk in front of your eyes?
It may walk. It'll walk.
I have seen it myself.
Where?
In my first year of college,
I had a hostel mate named Deepa.
That day, we were gossiping
until 4 a.m.
Then she went to her room.
I went to my room and slept off.
By the time I woke up,
she was dead.
Suicide.
Have you seen a person
hanging from a noose? - No.
The tongue would be hanging out
this long.
After that, I couldn't sleep
for nights together.
Suddenly,
her voice could be heard.
As though she is near me.
As though she is touching me.
I used to feel as if someone's
always there in my room.
One night, when I woke up,
I saw her on my bed..
Near my leg.
It was but her.
She was sitting
and staring at me.
She was talking something to me.
Suddenly, when I switched on
the light, no one could be seen.
You are not scared. Are you?
- No.. No.. Continue..
For few days, she was the topic
of discussion in college.
After that, I could not stay
in that hostel at all.
I kept changing rooms
and now, I'm in this house
after two years.
There is no problem here.
Did you see her after that?
- Yes.
Of course, I have seen her.
But now, I'm used to it.
The fear vanished and instead,
an interest developed.
I even tried talking to her
once. But she didn't respond.
Why? Even now,
she could be in this room.
She could be sitting beside us,
listening to our conversation.
Actually, if something like this
happens to someone close to us
such thoughts
are bound to occur.
Based on those thoughts,
you're imagining overly..
These are not just thoughts.
They do exist.
100 to 200 people commit suicide
in a year, in Chennai alone.
Do you know that?
So many die in accidents.
No.
Two years back,
the death of two policemen
at the same bungalow's entrance,
still remains to be a mystery.
Which area is the bungalow
located in? - Why?
Is it to feel scared every time
you happen to visit that area?
Haven't you said enough now
for me to feel scared?
Honestly, do these ghosts
and spirits really exist?
Everyone faces a moment
like this in life.
A moment that will make
the unbelievable, believable.
If something like that happened
to you, you'll also believe.
Baby..
Your moment is waiting.
"This is about a person,
not a dream."
"Like a riddle,
this is not what it seems."
"I know this start is puzzling".
"Gotta make it fit
like the rhythm of need."
"to move both hands and feet.
Darn!"
What if he suddenly bites me?
- You are too much!
Who are you? Why are you
standing here? Get lost!
Hey! - Hey!
Can't you hear us?
Hey! - Go away.
- Hey.. Hey..
Leave him.
- Sir.
Had you called me up, I'd have
come to the bus stand itself.
Come, sir.
Come inside. Come.
Instead of ushering him inside,
you were..
I'll deal
with both of you later.
It is Ramalingam sir,
who had given me your number.
Is your family
looking for a bride for you?
Why do you ask?
I asked as your uncle is meeting
all kinds of weird people.
Does he look
like a marriage broker to you?
Thank you!
- Thank you!
It'll be better
if you see for yourself.
Not a broker but he could have
a beautiful daughter, right?
You think he can have a daughter
like actress Nayantara?
Looks like uncle has called him
to do black magic.
Sir.
Tell me. Okay. Ask him if he
wants to have something. - Okay.
Would you like to have
tea or coffee?
Will you have tea or coffee?
I have not had lunch yet.
I'll have lunch.
What will you have?
Will you have meals or 'parota'?
One medium Margherita pizza
with double cheese
and pepperoni topping.
He is talking excellent English.
Sir!
- What?
Who is he?
Looks like my head
will burst out of curiosity.
Dear, there are few matters
which if you don't know
will only make you feel
that your head will burst.
But if you got to know,
it will burst for sure.
Anu!
Hey, Anu!
It's drenched.
Now, what should I wear?
not to forget
to bring it inside.
Can't you do anything properly?
Look here.
What should I wear to work now?
Hey, why are you crying now?
Why have you come and sat here?
Why are you crying?
Anu, in some matters,
you are very careless.
That is why, I scolded you.
I scolded you for your good.
Tell me. Have you
ever seen me being careless?
I'm pregnant.
Both of us are careless
at few things.
Did you go to the doctor?
I will be going
to the doctor today.
What shall we do
if the doctor confirms it?
What do you mean by that?
No..
Shall we abort it? Are you
asking me to commit a murder?
No, Anu!
Both of us aren't married yet.
We are managing in this outhouse
by bribing the watchman.
Who is there to support us?
You get emotional
by calling it a murder.
It happened accidentally.
Let's think practically.
Shut up.
You're talking
as if we met only yesterday
But not now.
After two years..
We will be settled at that time.
- So, for two years
Dude!
Take it and go.
Do you have change for Rs.500?
Excuse me.
Hello?
I asked if you have change
for Rs.500?
I don't have change!
Have this.
Come on.
I don't want it.
- Have this.
No.
- Excuse me.
Eat.
- You feed her.
Thank you.
- Good girl.
Sweet girl.
Stop it. Always,
laughing like a mad fellow.
Why is he looking
so serious now?
If this had been my hometown
they would have
beat him black and blue.
They themselves would
have bought him new clothes
and would have conducted
the wedding also.
He is ready
to live in with his girlfriend
but hesitant
when it comes to commitment.
What is this? You are talking
as if I've committed a rape.
Boss! We have been in love
since our school days.
No matter when, but only she
will be my wife.
Sir, how to manage marriage
and children with this salary?
All this is god's gift, dude!
Hello, Boss! What?
- Keep quiet!
What's up with him?
- All that is a sin.
You should not
get abortion done. Not at all!
What do you say?
Is that so?
- Sir..
Shall we file
a case on the company?
Michael! You say you will
marry only her whenever it be.
Mostly, people who come asking
for divorce come in costly cars.
So, rather than fretting
yourself over money
get married.
Am I right?
You are going
to become a father.
Sorry. Sorry. You are going
Then, you are going to marry.
Give us treat.
Anu!
'This is the last time
I will be washing'
Anyway, I am not your wife
to wash your clothes.
You are unfit to marry me.
Dumb fellow! Foolish monkey!
You idiot! Fool! Stupid dog..
Seriously.
Here?
Without anyone's presence?
Whom do you want?
Grand Dinner.
Party with all our friends.
Lavish wedding can be done
once we are able to afford it.
Now, we will do it for our sake.
Are you serious?
- Yes.
What about fixing
an auspicious date?
I wish to marry on 12-12-12.
It is also Superstar's birthday.
Happy birthday, Superstar!
Something that I'd saved money
and bought for our marriage.
How is it?
- No.
Okay?
- Nice.
One minute.
I am Michael.
You are Anu.
In life and death, in highs and
lows, in happiness and sorrow
accept me as your better half.
Whole.. Heartedly..
Hey!
Will you marry me?
"It becomes sweeter
like the shadow of flower".
"Desire shield;
Third day of the no moon day".
"Even the bamboo tree
will give you a kiss".
"Desire shield;
Third day of the no moon day".
"Even the bamboo tree
will give you a kiss".
I love you, Anu!
- I love you too, Michael!
Hey, wife!
- Tell me.
Are you happy?
- Are we really married?
From tomorrow onwards,
wash my clothes and iron it.
"My fingers will touch
your eyes like a fresh air".
"In the flower bed,
you talk about the silence".
"Love... In loneliness,
you gave me love".
"You hugged me even
in the interval. Love..."
"Your hair strands
and dripping rain".
"With your love,
I dream a lot in my mind".
"Your life and its music..."
"It becomes sweeter
like the shadow of flower".
"Desire shield;
Third day of the no moon day".
"Even the bamboo tree
will give you a kiss".
"Desire shield;
Third day of the no moon day".
"She is the cloud
and she is the rain drop".
"She is my eyes"
"she is the breeze
and she is the sweet smell".
"She is the word
and she is the meaning".
Hey! I am done
listening to all that you said.
Now,
listen to what I have to say.
I must get that parcel.
Hey!
One minute.
Hey! Michael!
Tell me, uncle!
- Come inside.
I'm looking at the accounts.
Shall I send Michael in?
- Okay, send him in.
Mike?
Don't irritate me by saying
the same thing again and again.
Look. I want to deal
with the matter decently.
If you wish to deal
in some other way
I am quite ready to stoop
to those levels as well.
Don't delay further.
Send the parcel at the earliest.
Okay.
Cut the call.
How is the business going?
- It's weekend, right?
Hence, there are
lot of deliveries.
Raghavan said that you got
married. - Yes, sir.
You didn't invite us.
- Actually, sir..
We are planning to invite
everyone for Christmas
Yes, sir!
That's best. Better than
inviting everyone and spending
and fighting over the taste
of the dishes offered.
Okay, here. Go home
and give this file to Laskshmi.
Tell her that the auditor
will be there in an hour.
Ask her to give it to him.
- Okay, sir!
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Wait. I am trying.
Ma'am!
- Priya ma'am!
What is happening there?
- Come back. Come back.
There is nothing over there.
Hold her hands.
It's nothing.
- Come.
Take her inside. - Come inside.
- Okay. It's okay.
After my last visit,
did something like this happen?
No, sir!
- No. It has happened twice.
But not to this extent.
That's why..
What is this, sir?
- I wasn't aware myself.
What are you saying?
- No..
It had happened
when you were out of town..
Both of you aren't deceiving me.
It's your daughter whom
you're killing little by little.
Sorry, sir!
- Come on.
You have to talk.
Only then,
I will be able to understand.
Why do you come?
Why do you put this small girl
through suffering? Very bad.
Priya! Priya! Priya!
Nithya!
This is the only thing
you say every time.
Do you wish to avenge someone?
Is there a show going on here?
First, ask him to leave.
Michael!
Nithya!
What should be done so that
you don't trouble her anymore?
Tell me! - You go to the shop.
- Okay, sir.
Nithya!
Michael!
- Sir.
What do you want? When will you
stop troubling her?
Didn't I tell you the other day?
Your moment has finally arrived?
'You can guess the presence
of ghosts with certain signals.'
'How?'
'Somewhere in the distance,
a dog will howl.'
"Generations will realize it
very well".
Ever since, she has been
suffering like this.
"There is a dream inside
dream which disturbs a lot".
There will be stones, right?
I kept watching.
Yeah. Sure. Your order
will be there in 45 minutes.
Michael!
Home delivery. Be quick.
Sir!
- Yes.
One medium chicken delight.
One chocolate Fantasy.
Delivery.
- Okay, sir!
Sir.
Give this in my house.
Sir, I'm on a delivery errand.
If you want, Pandy can..
Finish the errand
and then go.
Oh! I didn't mean it
in that way. You.. - Get lost.
Nithya.
Hey!
Hey..
Raghava! What happened?
Why is there blood
all over your body?
Where did you go and what..
- Michael.
Michael?
Where is he?
What happened to him?
Tell me what the matter is.
Michael.
- Sir!
Sir!
- What happened?
Anu, sir!
My Anu, sir!
What happened to Anu?
He has been repeating
the same word like a mad man.
Leave him.
Get him a chair.
Stop crying.
Stop crying!
Tell me. What happened?
It was for a bungalow
in Anna Nagar.
Good evening, Ma'am!
- Good evening!
Pizzas.
This is what you call
delivery in 45 minutes, is it?
Sorry, Ma'am!
Got little delayed
on my way here. - Little late?
'Now, you are going
to hear a duet song.'
Sorry.
But the pizza's really hot.
Okay, fine. Come in.
'- The song is from the movie..'
'...Vetri Vizha'.
"The fresh air uttered
my name and I heard it now".
Please keep that here.
- Sorry, Ma'am!
I asked you to keep it here.
- Oh!
It's okay.
No problem.
What is the bill amount?
- It is Rs.435, Ma'am.
Okay.
One minute.
'The fresh air uttered my
name and I heard it now.'
Oh! I don't have change
for Rs.1000, Ma'am.
Shouldn't you have
brought change with you?
No. Actually,
I have change for Rs. 500.
I didn't bring for Rs.1000.
Sorry, ma'am.
Ever since you've come, you've
been saying 'sorry' a lot.
Sorry, Ma'am.
- Okay. Is it Rs.435?
"Cheating..
Cheating.."
Cheating.. Heart is too rough."
"Cheating..
"Thousands of dramas
and thousands of roles."
Ma'am! - Yes. - Shall I go to
the restaurant and get change?
It is alright,
I will check upstairs.
By the time I get you the change
the pizza will turn cold.
Give it to me.
I will put it in the hot bag.
Yes.
Sure.
Ma'am!
Where are you?
What happened?
Hello!
Ma'am!
Ma'am, where are you?
Ma'am..
Help!
Oh, no!
'You do not have sufficient
balance to call this number.'
'Please try again
after recharging your number.'
Call me, Anu!
Please! Call me.
"It's shocking."
"It's shocking; this heart
desires to unite with you."
"It's shocking."
"It's shocking; this heart
desires to unite with you."
"It's shocking."
"It's shocking; this heart
desires to unite with you."
"It's shocking."
Who is that?
Sir!
Sir, help, sir!
Look over here, sir!
Sir!
Help, Sir!
Save me, sir!
Sir!
"It's shocking."
Hello!
Hello, sir!
Smita!
- Sir! Sir! It's locked
from inside. - Smita!
Sir!
Can you hear me, sir?
"It's shocking."
Hello, Sir! Sir!
Can you hear me, sir?
Hey! Who are you?
Where is Smita?
- Sir, please!
Why are you
picking up her phone?
Sir, I came here
to deliver pizza.
Someone has..
What?
Did you come to deliver pizza?
Yes, sir!
What are you bluffing?
Both of you thought,
I'm out of station, is it?
No, sir!
Where is she?
Open the door. Smita!
Sir, it is locked from inside.
How do I unlock it?
Ask her to insert the key
and open the door.
Listen to me..
- Where is she? Smita! - Sir!
Sir, someone has killed ma'am.
- Really?
Are you making up stories
after getting caught red-handed?
Should i break the
door and come inside?
No, sir!
- I will kill both of you.
I won't even think
that she is my wife.
Please listen to me, sir!
- First, open the door.
I came to deliver pizza, sir.
Ma'am came and got it. - Open..
You call her first.
- Sir, please listen to me.
Are you going
to open the door or not?
Hey, fool!
Listen to what I'm saying.
Oh, no!
Sorry, sir..
Please listen to what
I'm saying. Please, sir! Please.
What is it?
Murdered her?
- Yes, sir.
When I went upstairs again
after some time
here dead body was missing.
Sir! Sir!
Someone is here inside.
All the doors are locked.
Please save me, sir!
I am innocent. Please! Please!
Okay. First, you open the door.
- All the doors are locked.
How can I, sir?
Sir! Sir! Please, sir!
Check if there is a key in it.
Go fast.
There is an easy chair
in the living room.
Can you see two statues?
- Yes. Yes. Yes.
There will be a small bowl.
Check if the key is in it?
You go upstairs.
Have you gone?
I'm going, sir.
- Have you reached?
Beyond that, there will be a
corridor on the left. Go there.
Did you go?
- I reached, sir.
Go to the second room
on the right.
Sir? - The second room
on the right. Did you go?
Yes, sir. Yes, sir. - Can you
spot a dressing table there?
Yes. It's there.
Open the first draw.
What did you find?
Gun, sir.
What is it?
- It's a gun, sir!
Is the key there?
- There are many keys, sir!
Among those, the one
with the black key chain..
Grab it and come down quickly.
- Okay, sir.
Sir! It's not opening, sir!
Is it locked from outside? Sir!
Who is it?
Where are you?
I will kill you if I find you!
"Sixteen ragas and their origin;
when I sing."
Hello!
- Hello!
Who is it?
- Hey! Are you asking who I'm?
Anu!
Is it Anu?
I am Anu speaking.
Hey! How did you
get this number?
What are you blabbering?
I've called your mobile number.
Did you call on my mobile?
Are you talking to that number?
I am talking from an old,
disconnected phone.
Mike! Don't joke.
It's not at all funny.
Please believe, Anu!
I am trapped in a house.
I don't understand
what's going on.
Two people are dead.
Their dead bodies are missing.
I don't know what to do.
- Mike! Just relax.
Relax and be calm.
Tell me. What happened?
Actually, I came
to deliver a pizza.
I don't understand what to do.
Please, Anu!
Michael, something
is seriously wrong.
Anu! Anu! Please, Anu! Inform
the police. Please save me.
Okay. Okay.
Is it on Lake road?
Yes. 23, Lake town.
There is my bike outside.
Please, Anu! Inform the police.
- Don't get scared. Be brave.
I will call the police at once.
- Please!
Anu!
Hello! Police station?
- Anu?
Michael!
Are you in the police station?
No, Anu!
You've dialed the same number.
- What? No way. Michael!
I dialed
the police station number.
Something is happening there.
All my calls are routed
to that number.
Anu! The lady I told you
was dead..
Her towel, money. Everything
is scattered here. I am scared.
Take deep breath.
Take deep breath. Don't panic.
Michael! I will bring
the police right away.
Be strong.
Okay? Don't give up.
I will be there
in the next twenty minutes.
Don't be scared.
Michael! Be strong.
Come fast. Please!
- Michael, I will come soon.
"O, dear! Come on, dear.."
'NITHYA, V - D'
'Nithya!'
Anu!
- Hello! Hey, Michael!
I am Shanmugam speaking.
- Sir..
What?
The customer called up to say,
the delivery hasn't reached.
My wife told that
you didn't go home. - No, sir.
I got trapped in the place
where I'd come to deliver pizza.
What? Delivery? - Sir. - Hello!
I am not able to hear anything.
Hello!
- Hello!
Can you hear me?
What is this?
He is talking in a shaky tone.
Go and see if he has fallen
from the bike.
No, sir! Sir! Sir!
Can you hear me, sir? Sir!
Sir!
Nithya..
What happened?
- Over there.
Turn on the main switch.
There is someone inside.
Inside..
Sir, there is are ghosts inside.
Sit down.
Sit down. - Sir.
Sir, let's go. Please, sir!
- Hello, sir.
Sir, we were going for rounds
near Smita's bungalow.
We felt there was
someone inside.
We found an intruder inside.
No, sir. He looks like..
He is wearing
a hotel uniform, sir.
He is talking
like a mental case, sir.
No, sir.
All that is not there, sir.
If you send the jeep immediately
we'll bring him
to the station at once.
Sir, first let us go away
from here. Let's go, sir.
Hey, check whether
he has got any weapons.
Sir, why are you checking me?
You came here
only after I informed you.
Sir, I didn't
inform you directly.
But Anu must have
informed you, sir.
Hey, don't keep talking.
Sit down. Sit!
Sir, there is nothing.
He is clear.
Anu! Anu would have only
informed the police station.
No one by that name came.
Sir, please give me your phone.
Let me make a call.
Sir, just tell me this.
Without Anu intimating you,
how did you come here?
Do you want us to tell you
how we came?
How did you enter the house
which is sealed by the police?
What? Is this house
sealed by the police?
Sir, there were people
in this house. - Hey!
Sir, I'm not a mental case.
I won't run away anywhere.
Sir, please.
Listen to what I have to say.
Tell me.
I came to deliver pizza.
One lady came
and took the delivery.
Asking me to keep it inside,
she went upstairs to get cash.
After some time,
I heard a noise.
Where?
- Upstairs.
Check the house thoroughly once.
- Okay, sir.
Sir, what had happened
in this house?
Tell me, sir.
Please, sir!
Don't you know about it?
Investigation is going on.
All the evidences are inside.
How did you enter this place?
- Sir, I'm telling the truth.
I came here to deliver pizza.
I saw all those three people
whose outlines you have marked.
The souls of those three people
are here, sir.
We need not be here, sir.
Let us go.
Take me to the station.
Please, sir.
Sir!
Is it three murders
or four murders, sir?
Four.
Who is the fourth one, sir?
A husband, wife, one small girl
and then another girl.
Sir, I saw
only three bodies inside.
The fourth one is outside.
In the garden.
Who is that girl, sir?
It is a girl who had studied
in Christ college.
Christ college!
What is her name?
Her name is something like..
You kept repeating a girl's name
again and again.
Why are you getting tensed?
Weren't you the one who asked
Anu to inform us to come?
Yes, sir.
Just now, I spoke with Anu.
Then what? It's been
one week since that Anu died.
Tell me the full address.
34, Rohini Illam,
Rassappa street.
Why are you asking me, sir?
Sir, I'm scared.
Is Anu alright, sir?
How are you related to her?
I am her husband, sir.
- What?
Husband. Recently.
Few days back, we got married.
Why are you asking me?
Why did you ask
for my phone that time?
I thought you had come
after she informed you.
Give me the phone, sir.
'This number is not in use
at present.' - What is it?
Sir, it seems
the number is not in use.
Is your name Michael?
Michael Karthikeyan.
Your native place is Madurai.
How do you know all this, sir?
Sit down.
Sit down!
If you try to call a girl
who had died one week before
how will you
get through the line?
The Anu you're referring was
lying dead
in this house a week ago.
Murder. She was pregnant
at that time. - No.. No..
No chance, sir!
That can't be my Anu.
Just now.. Just sometime back
I talked to her.
Don't blabber, sir.
For enquiry purpose
we've been looking for
you since last five days.
Where had you escaped to?
- No.. Anu!
Sir, I checked the whole house.
Only one bike is standing.
I think that must be his bike.
I've my doubts on him, sir.
Once we take him to the station
and bash him up
he'll speak the truth, sir.
There's no need for all that.
He's Michael,
whom we were looking for.
She must have asked you
to come here.
Fool! - Hey!
- Talking like a fool.
Anu!
Anu..
He is going on calling us
to ask if we found him.
What should we answer him?
- Hey!
Michael! Where were you?
- I need to make a call.
What is it?
- Give me the phone.
Give me the phone.
- What is it?
Tell us.
What happened?
'The person you are trying
to call is out of range.'
What happened?
It says, the phone's
out of range. Anu is missing.
Nothing like that.
- They are saying she is dead.
- No, sir.
- First, you take rest.
I must look for Anu.
- Hey! - Mike! - First come.
No. I'll talk to sir later.
- Come with us.
I'll talk to him.
- Listen to us. - Hey!
Mike! - Mike! Stop!
- Mike, listen to us!
I said, stop!
I said I want to go, right?
- Why are you hitting him?
I must go!
I'm going on saying.
Don't, sir.
Leave him.
Listen to me.
Don't hit.
Didn't I tell you?
Don't!
Don't, sir..
Don't, sir.. Don't, sir..
I must look for Anu.
She is missing.
Don't, sir..
Don't..
She had gone to the police
to rescue me.
I have been looking for her
all over. That's when they came.
Anu.
Okay. I will.
Where is your bag?
Bag..
My hand, my back..
They would have killed me there.
Those three people
have harmed my Anu.
From the day I saw your daughter
nothing has been going right.
I lost my happiness.
I lose my peace.
I lost my sleep.
I even lost Anu.
Anu is..
Anu is my baby, sir.
She is my baby.
Sir, I think it's that kid who
is troubling your daughter too.
She is the one, sir.
When I addressed her as Nithya
Hey, Michael!
What happened?
Slow.
Shall we go to the police?
Can this matter be told
to the police?
Where is the bungalow
he is talking about?
Smita bungalow,
Anna Nagar.
People say it's a haunted house.
Shall we barge in
and check the bungalow?
Don't act in haste.
You listened to what he said.
I wonder if Nithya,
who is troubling my daughter
has done something to him also.
I wonder
how I've wronged Nithya.
My daughter stared
at him the other day.
Such an intense look!
He was little scared when
I asked him to go there today.
Very sad.
See how freaked out he looks.
Now, what do we do, uncle?
First, check if the bike
is there in front of the house.
We will decide later
about going into the house.
He even said that
he married her.
Apparently,
she was pregnant too.
Even today,
when we caught hold of him
he took my mobile
and tried calling her.
After that, like a mad man
he started blabbering
and hitting us.
First find out
about Anu's whereabouts.
Careful. They should not
involve us for interrogation.
For few days,
don't leave him alone.
Come in.
Hey! What are you doing here?
Come. We will go downstairs.
Come on.
I don't know. I am finding
it difficult to breathe..
For how long
have you been married?
Only two months, sir.
- Only two months?
Did you try at her mom's place?
Sir, she has no parents
or relatives.
Every months, nearly four cases
of wife eloping, is filed.
Put a signature here.
What happened is a guy
was suspicious over his wife.
So, he killed his wife
shot their child
and committed suicide.
That house has been
locked since then.
People nearby believe, there are
ghosts in that house.
Two years back, two policemen
were found dead there.
The case is still open
in the police department.
These are the details
of that house.
What about the small girl
who died? Is her name Nithya?
The lady's name was Smita.
Kid's name..
I will ask them to enquire.
That day, the doctor
had prescribed it. Inhaler.
Use it when you have
difficulty in breathing.
You know how to use it, right?
- I know. Thanks!
Okay. I will take a shower
and be back.
The watchman of this house
is a total drunkard, sir!
He has rented out
the outhouse to them.
I've seen Michael very often.
I have hardly seen that girl.
Both of them grew up
in an orphanage in Madurai.
When I asked him
he said they left the orphanage
five years back.
It seems nobody in the orphanage
knew about their marriage.
I enquired at the college.
It seems she came
two months back
to get her arrears application.
After that, there has
been no contact from her side.
Nothing is clear.
If we don't get any clue
the way we enquire
will be completely different.
If he himself has killed
and buried her?
Sir, he is not
that kind of a person.
Hey! There are people
who even kill infants. And you..
Anu wouldn't have gone anywhere.
We will find her.
Listen.
First, get out of that room.
If you continue staying there,
you'll keep thinking like this.
First, come to work. Only then,
you will get some diversion.
Hello! Pizza.
No one is there.
Go.
That day, I had gone for
Kottiyokam delivery, remember?
Around 10.30? At that time,
there was a sudden breeze.
It felt like something
entered inside me.
Some sort of bad smell.
I got frightened.
Can you please send
Pandy for late night deliveries?
Anything else, ma'am?
Thanks!
Honestly, it's not bleeding.
- Nothing?
Suddenly, he gets frightened.
He cries a lot thinking of her.
He is asking me to check
if his back is bleeding.
I feel sad looking at him suffer
in the room, uncle.
Any news about that girl?
No. - But, when we had gone
to shift his room
there was no trace
of a girl having lived there.
Right?
- Yes.
How much longer? Do you want
us to clear the body or not?
Don't come nearby.
Move, move, move.
From morning onwards,
her body is there.
Yes.
Hey! What? Do you know her?
- No, Sir!
Don't cry.
It's not her.
Priya!
- Nithya! Nithya!
Wait. Wait.
You've committed a sin against
Nithya knowingly or unknowingly.
Her evil spirit is furious
and wants to avenge you.
Whatever happened until now
and whatever is happening
Even a murder could take place.
If you agree,
I know a Malayali sorcerer.
But, he never went to the house
from which the order had come.
Like he said, his bike was
found outside this house itself.
Shall we go inside
and just take it?
It's creepy but what else to do?
Hey! It has already killed two.
Don't be hasty.
It will indeed be inside.
He is not troubled by ghosts.
It doesn't look like
he is lying.
But he has seen something
and has got terribly scared.
He keeps talking
about a girl named Anu.
If she is not found
it will be difficult to bring
him back to normal.
Does the girl
named Anu exist in reality?
Has any one of you seen her?
- Why, sir?
That girl
could be an imaginary character.
It could also be a ghost.
Yes, sure.
Thank you.
Hey, Mike!
Home delivery.
Quick.
Sir!
- Yes.
Two medium chicken
delight for delivery.
Okay, sir!
Michael!
Sir.
- Sit down.
How are you?
- I am fine, sir.
Going on a delivery errand?
- Yes, sir.
Are you brave enough
to go these days?
I can go. But I don't go
anywhere after 8 p.m.
That day when I went out,
there was a sudden breeze.
It was like something
entered inside me.
It's a temple offertory.
Take it.
Keep this under your pillow.
Pray to Goddess and sleep.
Your fear will vanish.
It's very powerful.
Hey!
Don't worry.
Nothing would have
happened to Anu.
Who knows what sin you had
committed because of which
you're suffering so much
at this young age.
Don't cry.
Nothing will happen.
God will protect you.
Be brave.
Okay, sir.
- Go.
Hello!
- Hey! How are you?
Hey! How are you?
There is no problem, right?
- I am fine. How are you?
I was very tensed.
Why didn't you call me?
Even I was feeling the same.
Is the situation favorable
for us to speak liberally?
Within half an hour, there will
be a raid in your office.
Shift the thing from that place.
- Hey!
You are telling me now!
First, hide the thing. Don't try
to escape from the office.
Someone could be watching you.
- Hey! I.. Hello!
Michael!
Sir!
Give it at home.
I'm going on a delivery errand.
Pandy can..
My daughter won't kill you.
Go.
Idiot!
Hey! What happened?
- I fell down.
Oh! What happened?
Nothing. Nothing. I fell down.
My shirt became dirty.
I can't go to the customer's
house like this.
Check if the pizza is spilled.
There is a scratch
at your back.
Nothing.
- It's bleeding too.
Make it fast.
It's too late.
I should deliver
it within 15 minutes.
Else, boss
might reduce my salary.
Hey, Michael!
It must be worth two crores!
Let's take it and run away.
Hey! Don't joke.
- Listen.
We will have a baby
in few days.
You will be selling pizza.
I have to pass my arrears.
I will have to search
for a job too. Think well.
If pizzas are not delivered
within 30 minutes
you are not paid. Why?
Anything that is not received
at the right time is a waste.
What is the use of becoming
rich at the age of 50?
Using donated clothes
and food at the orphanage
we have spent
half of your lives.
We are going
to start a new life now.
If not for ourselves,
at least, for our baby, Mike!
With this money,
we can get fake passports
fake visas and fake degrees.
Till we get into the flight, we
will stay in a different city.
Where will we go?
We will go to Bangalore.
There will be a bus now.
First, we will leave this place.
Within few minutes, they will
start searching for you.
Okay. But we both should
not leave together.
If anyone sees us,
doubts will arise.
Till now,
they have not seen you.
So, leave this place
after packing your things.
I can't leave my vehicle
and come just like that.
I should do something to it.
Then, I will leave by night.
Tomorrow morning,
we will meet in Bangalore.
Hey! If you get caught
even before boarding the bus?
If I get caught?
They will ask me
where I had been.
They will enquire about
the vehicle and the bag.
What will you say?
Accident?
You are safe.
How will the vehicle
alone meet with an accident?
What if you said
that the vehicle was stolen?
There will be a police complaint
and we will get caught.
I should tell them a story
that they might believe.
So that, it will be
easier for us to escape.
Ghost story?
Hey!
Everyone has got a weakness.
Money for some people.
God for some people.
Girls for some people.
What about your boss?
It's ghost, spirit, devils.
You have read my novel.
In that, your boss,
his daughter and some bungalow.
Include everything and
tell them a reliable story.
That day, on that TV channel
they had told about
some haunted bungalow, right?
Smita bungalow.
Which name did Priya call out
the other day?
Nithya!
Enough? You can direct
a ghost film with all these.
That's right.
If they ask me about my wife?
Say something and handle them.
First, let's leave from here.
Hey! Careful.
Did you board the bus? Stop
thinking about me. I am fine.
I will come by bus or by train.
Are you safe? Okay.
Hello! Hey, Michael!
- Who?
I am Shanmugam speaking.
Sir!
- What is it?
Customer called up and said,
the delivery hasn't reached yet.
Lakshmi said you haven't
reached home yet.
Your phone wasn't reachable
either. Where are you?
Hello!
- Sir, I got trapped..
What? Delivery? - Sir!
Hello! I am not able to hear.
Where are you?
Is there any problem?
I got trapped in the house..
What? House?
- Sir!
Hello! - Sir, can you hear me?
- Hello! - Sir!
What is this?
He sounds shaken up.
Check if he has fallen
from the bike.
Sir! Please don't cut the call.
Sir! Don't. Please!
Hey, Raghava!
Call me the moment you find him.
Okay.
It can't be an accident.
Else, we would have
got the news by now.
I know the area.
We can find his house easily.
We'll go to the police then.
- He doesn't know what's inside.
Uncle is constantly calling us
to ask if we have found him.
What do I answer him?
Michael, where had you been?
- Anu, is missing. - Nothing.
I need to go.
Don't, sir. No.
I must look for Anu.
He is there inside.
Go and see.
"You are running somewhere."
"You are searching
for something."
"When fear crosses the border.."
"You start singing
devotional song.." Sir, Anu..
"Oh! there is no life
without desires in heart."
"...there is no life."
"Only love can quench
the thirst."
"If time comes,
even ghost will possess you."
"You just close your eyes."
"Oh! there is no life
without desires in heart."
"Oh! Once desires arise
there is no life in heart."
Sir.. Sir..
There is someone there.
Sir, is it bleeding here?
Honestly, it's not bleeding.
Do not worry. Nothing would
have happened to Anu.
Our passports are also ready.
Within two days my degree
certificate will also be ready.
Too many things are happening
here unlike what we had thought.
Everyone has
started to believe me.
When will you come?
- I don't know.
It could be two weeks
or even two months.
But I'll make everyone
here believe me
and escape from
here smoothly. Okay?
Before that if they opened
that house to check?
No chance.
Till the time Shanmugam
has got fear for ghosts
till his daughter is possessed
by Nithya, we are safe.
Do you know something?
As far as they are concerned
there is no girl called Anu.
They are thinking that
she herself is a ghost.
They are thinking at that level.
Are you a ghost?
Yes. All the dangerous ghosts
in this world are still alive.
In the form of human beings
like us.
Hey, you called my
novel as a lousy one.
The value of that is two crores.
Did you realize that?
Even now,
I'll say it's a lousy novel.
The way I narrated it
is amazing.
Hey, you are a real coward.
How did you manage?
Only a scared person can narrate
a scary story and scare others.
I'll talk to you
after two days. Okay?
Talk to me for some more time.
No. If my phone remained
switched off for too long
When?
Whenever it's possible.
Be safe.
Take care. I love you. Bye!
- Me too.
Take care.
Bye!
Ma'am, pizzas.
- Come and keep it inside.
How much?
Rs.435, Ma'am.
- Okay.
Nithya! Nithya! The pizzas
are delivered. Go and see.
"Cheating.. Cheating.."
Nithya!
"The heart is thinking."
"It's beating."
"It catches."
"For us, we got our life."
"Daily after that, it's good".
"Will it help?"
"Anything in life."